
***

# Virtual City Playground session

## 2021 Monday November 1st

<details><summary><p>Click/tap here to expand/collapse older entries</p></summary>

I started playing this game again today when browsing through games last night. I had nostalgia for it from my 2015 sessions, and I plan to continue playing the game until I can recreate progress, and possible then some. - 2021 Sunday October 17th (day 1)

I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on the pie in the sky achievement, reached level 9, did lots of construction, completed several quests, and did many upgrades. I earned over a million dollars while offline. - 2021 Monday October 18th(day 2)

I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievement, reaching level 11, doing lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, and doing many upgrades. I earned less a million dollars while offline. Progress was OK today, I also re-confirmed that this game works offline. - 2021 Tuesday October 19th (day 3)

I forgot to mention that the game crashed a few times yesterday. It did this today as well. Both times, the in-game music disappeared, and it delayed the start. At least I now have the ingame music in hard copy format.

I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievement, reaching level 17, doing lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, and doing many upgrades. I earned well over a million dollars while offline. Progress was OK today. Today, I expanded my city a few times, built new roads, increased production, increased housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Wednesday October 20th (day 4)

The game was less unstable today and only crashed once, but due to this, I got no ingame music. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievement, reaching level 21, did lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, upgraded all ny garbage trucks and did many upgrades. I earned well over a million dollars while offline. Progress was OK today. Today, I expanded my city a few times, built new roads, increased production, increased housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Thursday October 21st (day 5)

The game was a lot less unstable today and did not crash, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. It had to recover my data for some reason. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, reaching level 22, did lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, upgraded all ny garbage trucks and did many upgrades. I earned well over a million dollars while offline. Progress was OK today. Today, I began remodeling the city with new eco features, upgrading all shipping and dump trucks to max level (3) ran out of space to build (and I don't have enough diamonds to expand further) increased production, increased housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Friday October 22nd (day 6)

The game was a lot less unstable today and did not crash, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. It had to recover my data again for some reason, and it took multiple reloads (3) for the game to work. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, reaching level 24, doing lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, upgraded all my buses and did many upgrades. I earned well over 4 million dollars while offline. Progress was very slow today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I found out that I should have got the daily reward yesterday, as the diamonds are needed. I increased production, increased housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Saturday October 23rd (day 7)

The game was a bit less unstable today and did not crash immediately, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. It had to recover my data again for some reason. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, reaching level 26, doing very little of construction, and trying to expand. I earned well over 7 million dollars while offline. Progress was very slow today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I tried watching ads for diamond. I got 1 diamond, then I continued to watch ads. The 16th ad caused the game to crash, and I lost the diamond, and never regained it, as the game constantly crashed upon any attempt. It is frustrating. It is also a bit scummy that their ad system is basically just the videos on their YouTube channel, and not really an ad. I didn't increase production, didn't increase housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Sunday October 24th (day 8)

The game was a lot less unstable today and did not crash at all, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. It had to recover my data again for some reason. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, reaching level 30, doing very little amounts of construction, and trying to expand. I earned less than 7 million dollars while offline. Progress was very slow today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I got the required diamonds for expansion today from leveling up twice by upgrading the garage, but I will need to wait until tomorrow to have the 250K credits required to expand. I didn't increase production, didn't increase housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Monday October 25th (day 9)

The game was a lot more unstable today and crashed several times, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. I still enjoyed the session a lot, I have been wanting to play since 1 hour after quitting yesterday. It had to recover my data again for some reason. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, not leveling up, doing a lot of construction, expanded once. I earned over 7 million dollars while offline. Progress was a lot better today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions still aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I didn't expand my garage today. I did increase production, but I didn't increase housing. I put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Tuesday October 26th (day 10)

The game was a lot less unstable today and did not crash at all, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. I still enjoyed the session a lot. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, leveling up to level 32, doing a bit of construction, but not able to expand. I earned over 4 million dollars while offline. Progress was a lot slower today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions still aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I earned 5 diamonds today, 3 from logging in daily for 5 days, and 2 for leveling up twice. I upgraded my garage to level 18 today. I did increase production, and I did a slight increase in housing. I put out some fires, and "cured" some people. I also produced a lot of materials, hanging around the shopping mall and completing quests. - 2021 Wednesday October 27th (day 11)

The game was a lot more unstable today and crashed very frequently. I still didn't get to hear ingame music. I didn't enjoy the session due to the crashes, and quit early. I continued to play this game today, making small additional progress. I worked on completing a few achievements, not leveling up, not doing any construction, but not able to expand. I earned over 4 million dollars while offline. Progress was a lot slower today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions still aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I still have 5 diamonds today. 3 from logging in daily for 5 days. I did not upgrade my garage today, and I did not increase production, nor did I have a slight increase in housing. I put out some fires, and "cured" some people. I ended up quitting early. - 2021 Thursday October 28th (day 12)

The game was a bit less unstable today, but it still crashed a couplet time. I still didn't get to hear ingame music. I didn't enjoy the session due to the crashes and the lack of progress, and quit early. I continued to play this game today, making small additional progress. I worked on completing a few achievements, not leveling up, not doing any construction, but not able to expand. I earned over 8 million dollars while offline. Progress was a lot slower today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions still aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I have 6 diamonds today, 12 are needed to expand. I upgraded my garage to max level (19) and only leveled up once from it. I can no longer receive diamonds from this method. There was a quest today that required upgrading the hospital, but the upgrade is still locked. I did not increase production, nor did I have a slight increase in housing. I put out some fires, and "cured" some people. I ended up quitting early. I tried doing a spin for ads, but of course it failed, and I had to redo all of todays progress, which wasn't that hard, and didn't take very long. - 2021 Friday October 29th (day 13)

The game was a lot less unstable today and did not crash. I still didn't get to hear ingame music, and I have found that the option for music and sound effects does not work at all. I didn't enjoy the session due to the crashes and the lack of progress, and quit after buying and upgrading 30 vehicles. I continued to play this game today, making small additional progress. I worked on completing a few achievements, not leveling up, not doing any construction, and not able to expand. I earned over 8 million dollars while offline. Progress was a lot slower today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions still aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I have 6 diamonds today, 12 are needed to expand. I did not increase production, nor did I have a slight increase in housing. I put out some fires, and "cured" some people. I ended up quitting early. - 2021 Saturday October 30th (day 14)

The game was a bit more unstable today and crashed once. I still didn't get to hear ingame music, and I have found that the option for music and sound effects does not work at all on 2021 Saturday October 30th. I didn't enjoy the session due to the crashes and the lack of progress, and quit after buying and upgrading vehicles until I couldn't get anymore. I continued to play this game today, making small additional progress. I worked on completing 1 achievement, leveling up to level 34, not doing any construction, and not able to expand. I earned over 8 million dollars while offline. Progress was a lot slower today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions still aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I have 7 diamonds today, 12 are needed to expand. I did not increase production, nor did I have a slight increase in housing. I put out some fires, and "cured" some people. I ended up quitting early. - 2021 Sunday October 31st (day 15)

</details>

The game was a lot less unstable today and didn't crash. I still didn't get to hear ingame music, and I have found that the option for music and sound effects does not work at all on 2021 Saturday October 30th.

I enjoyed the session today, as I was able to expand twice and make some progress, and quit after running out of things to do. I continued to play this game today, making a lot of additional progress.

I worked on completing several achievement, not leveling up, doing lots construction, and expanding twice. I earned over 8 million dollars while offline. Progress was a lot better today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and this was possibly my last time of expanding twice. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I have 2 diamonds today, 16 are needed to expand. I increaseD production, had a slight increase in housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. I ended up quitting later on. 

I was able to earn lots of diamonds today by completing social media quests, which are essentially free diamonds, as you don't even have to go through with the offer, the game only knows you clicked the link, you don't have to do what it says after this. It has a bit of a delay for the reward. I know it doesn't follow through, as I was able to receive diamonds for going to their Google+ page and "performing an action" which would be impossible, as Google+ has been shut down for over 2 years now. I received many diamonds today with this method. - 2021 Monday November 1st (day 16)

***
