
***

# Virtual City Playground session

## 2021 Sunday October 26th

<details><summary><p>Click/tap here to expand/collapse older entries</p></summary>

I started playing this game again today when browsing through games last night. I had nostalgia for it from my 2015 sessions, and I plan to continue playing the game until I can recreate progress, and possible then some. - 2021 Sunday October 17th

I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on the pie in the sky achievement, reached level 9, did lots of construction, completed several quests, and did many upgrades. I earned over a million dollars while offline. - 2021 Monday October 18th

I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievement, reaching level 11, doing lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, and doing many upgrades. I earned less a million dollars while offline. Progress was OK today, I also re-confirmed that this game works offline. - 2021 Tuesday October 19th

I forgot to mention that the game crashed a few times yesterday. It did this today as well. Both times, the in-game music disappeared, and it delayed the start. At least I now have the ingame music in hard copy format.

I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievement, reaching level 17, doing lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, and doing many upgrades. I earned well over a million dollars while offline. Progress was OK today. Today, I expanded my city a few times, built new roads, increased production, increased housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Wednesday October 20th

The game was less unstable today and only crashed once, but due to this, I got no ingame music. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievement, reaching level 21, did lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, upgraded all ny garbage trucks and did many upgrades. I earned well over a million dollars while offline. Progress was OK today. Today, I expanded my city a few times, built new roads, increased production, increased housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Thursday October 21st

The game was a lot less unstable today and did not crash, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. It had to recover my data for some reason. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, reaching level 22, did lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, upgraded all ny garbage trucks and did many upgrades. I earned well over a million dollars while offline. Progress was OK today. Today, I began remodeling the city with new eco features, upgrading all shipping and dump trucks to max level (3) ran out of space to build (and I don't have enough diamonds to expand further) increased production, increased housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Friday October 22nd

The game was a lot less unstable today and did not crash, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. It had to recover my data again for some reason, and it took multiple reloads (3) for the game to work. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, reaching level 24, doing lots of construction, upgrading and routing vehicles, upgraded all my buses and did many upgrades. I earned well over 4 million dollars while offline. Progress was very slow today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I found out that I should have got the daily reward yesterday, as the diamonds are needed. I increased production, increased housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Saturday October 23rd

The game was a bit less unstable today and did not crash immediately, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. It had to recover my data again for some reason. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, reaching level 26, doing very little of construction, and trying to expand. I earned well over 7 million dollars while offline. Progress was very slow today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I tried watching ads for diamond. I got 1 diamond, then I continued to watch ads. The 16th ad caused the game to crash, and I lost the diamond, and never regained it, as the game constantly crashed upon any attempt. It is frustrating. It is also a bit scummy that their ad system is basically just the videos on their YouTube channel, and not really an ad. I didn't increase production, didn't increase housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Sunday October 24th

The game was a lot less unstable today and did not crash at all, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. It had to recover my data again for some reason. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, reaching level 30, doing very little amounts of construction, and trying to expand. I earned less than 7 million dollars while offline. Progress was very slow today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I got the required diamonds for expansion today from leveling up twice by upgrading the garage, but I will need to wait until tomorrow to have the 250K credits required to expand. I didn't increase production, didn't increase housing, put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Monday October 25th

</details>

The game was a lot more unstable today and crashed several times, but I still didn't get to hear ingame music. I still enjoyed the session a lot, I have been wanting to play since 1 hour after quitting yesterday. It had to recover my data again for some reason. I continued to play this game today, making additional progress. I worked on completing several achievements, not leveling up, doing a lot of construction, expanded once. I earned over 7 million dollars while offline. Progress was a lot better today. I am running extremely low on space to build, and expansions still aren't helping much. The diamond requirement is difficult, and I have a rule to not spend a single penny on any microtransaction, as I learned from my past with Clash of Clans, Boom Beach, Clash Royale, and Hay Day purchases. I didn't expand my garage today. I did increase production, but I didn't increase housing. I put out some fires, and "cured" some people. - 2021 Tuesday October 26th

***
